SAB KAAM YA LEKHNE K K GARNE HO 


database banauda  = HajurkoCarRentalDB 

Based on the requirements provided, the application needs to have the following features:

User Management:
a. Admin can add new staff members and assign their roles, change passwords, rates, and other features that other staff members can.
b. Staff can change their password.
c. Customers should be able to create accounts in order to place rental requests and also should be able to change their passwords.

Car Management:
a. Staff can add/remove cars for rent.
b. Cars are only rented once authorized by the staff.
c. Returns are also entered by staff or admin only.
d. The system should automatically manage the available car inventory.

Rental Management:
a. Customers can initiate requests for car rental.
b. The system should automatically retrieve the “Verification documents paper” if the user has rented a car before, from the system storage.
c. Customers are allowed to cancel their rental request even after rent is approved and no fee should be charged.
d. The system should show the sales (with date filtering option) with the name of customers, view customers' rental history with authorized by (staffs name).
e. Customers should be notified if their request is approved and special offers.

Discounts and Special Offers:
a. The service center provides a 10% discount to regular customers who rent monthly.
b. The application needs to be able to provide special offers to their customers.

Damage Management:
a. For any damages done to the car during the process of rental service, there should be a damage request form for the customers where they can notify the companies.
b. For damages, the staff should be able to provide a charge for the repair bill to the customer.
c. If bills are not being paid, the customer will not be able to rent cars further.
d. The system should keep track of the car damages, where paid and unpaid amounts should be shown with the customer's name who rented the car.

Payment Management:
a. The payment is done physically, however, the system also accepts online payments.

Customer Management:
a. The system should be able to show the cars that have been frequently on rent and cars that have not been rented.
b. The system should also be able to keep track of customers who have frequently rented cars and those who have been inactive for a long time (3 months).
c. Upon registration, the customer should compulsorily add their email address, phone number, and address.
d. Uploading of a driving license or Citizenship paper as part of customer profile is optional, however, upon rental request, it is compulsory to add a driving license or Citizen paper as per company policy.
e. Images for driving license or Citizen paper are acceptable in pdf or png format and strictly, the file size should not exceed 1.5 MB upon uploading.